---
layout: post
title:  "Blog 0"
date:   2020-09-04 09:09:09 -0700
categories: git Senior-Design
---
<html>
<style>

body {
background-image: url("https://cdn.statically.io/img/wallpaperaccess.com/full/646162.jpg"); 
background-color:#C0C0C0;
}
html, body, h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6, p {
"Comic Sans MS", cursive, sans-serif 
color:black;
}
</style>

<body>

Hello world! Welcome to my blog 0. I am taking CIT 480 and COMP 484 simultaneously this semester. It sounds a little ambitious but I am for it! What's really cool is that the classes are similarly intertwined. For example, this week in my Comp 484 for class, we are learning the basics of HTML. That in turn, helps me make my CIT 480 blog assignment a bit more unique since I have a little HTML up my sleeve. 

<br>
<br>

This week I learned the ropes around my terminal and how to use it. I have a Windows 10 PC meaning that I don't have the ease of convenience of having a linux based terminal natively. After some research, I found an Ubuntu terminal that works with Windows 10 and I learned how to use the commands. Installing Jekyll and Bundler was very frustrating. This was either due to the fact that most of the documentation online was Mac based meaning that some commands would not transfer over as easily on Windows 10. Another reason was that I would constantly run into errors that did not make sense to me logically resulting in a difficult time looking up the error, since I didn't understand what the error was! Aside from all that, I had a really fun time learning the command terminals. I am more of a GUI person but the terminal just looks so much cooler and makes me feel more technical. I look forward to learning the tips and tricks to using the terminal commands. 

<br>
<br>

Creating this blog post was a really fun yet challenging effort on its own. I like doing exactly what the prompt for the assignment is, but I also like doing a little extra. It makes me feel more in control of the assignment. I also think it helps with making my assignment stand out just a bit from the others. It’s pretty evident that there are a few things I changed from the basic layout. I learned that you can put HTML and a little bit of CSS to do what you imagine. What I mean by this is being able to put a static background color by making a body tag and then putting the hex value of the color in there. Also, by learning that, I had to learn how to change the font color to black to easily read the contents of the page. This is done by putting color:black; in the body of the text next to where the background color is.  

</body>
</html> 
